remove references to new code base and cleanup (#5)
eclipsesource/emfcloud-website-source: content/_index/coffeeeditorlinks/tryitnow.md

  url = "https://eclipsesource.com/coffee-editor"
+++

> If you want to see the coffee editor in action, [launch a demo instance (not NG)](https://eclipsesource.com/coffee-editor) of the coffee editor. This allows you to try any feature of the example. Please note that the demo will automatically shut down after 30 minutes and no data will be persisted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to see the coffee editor in action, [launch a demo instance](https://eclipsesource.com/coffee-editor) of the EMF-based coffee editor. This allows you to try any feature of the example. Please note that the demo will automatically shut down after 30 minutes and no data will be persisted.
```
